What is the leading cause of death worldwide?
 What is atherosclerosis and how does it contribute to CVD?
 What is the risk of developing ischaemic heart disease and stroke with age?
 What are modifiable risk factors for CVD?
 How does smoking modulate immune responses?
 What are the effects of smoking on the immune system?
 What factors have been linked to hypertension and how does it relate to CVD?
 How are dietary salt intake and body mass index related to blood pressure?
 How does immunity interact with hypertension?
 How does cholesterol contribute to the development of CVD?
 What is the link between diabetes mellitus and CVD?
 How does acute hyperglycemia affect immune response?
 What is the link between total cholesterol levels and the incidence of cardiovascular disease?
 What did the discovery of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) as a risk factor for CVD in 1955 lead to?
 What is the presence of diabetes mellitus associated with?
 How does hyperglycaemia inhibit neutrophil migration and phagocytosis?
 What is the link between T2DM and obesity?
 How does obesity increase mortality?
 What are the changes in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol successfully lowered with statin therapy associated with?
 What is the role of oxidised LDL in CVD?
 How do circulating monocytes accumulate intracellular neutral lipid?
 What is the relevance of increased circulating levels of oxidised LDL in CVD?
 What is the role of HDL cholesterol in cardiovascular regulation?
 What is the role of oxidised LDL in CVD?
 How does HDL cholesterol work to protect against cardiovascular disease?
 What are the effects of chylomicrons on atherosclerotic CVD?
 What is the role of VLDL in CVD?
 What is the relationship between dietary fat and CVD?
 How does the central nervous system regulate the cardiovascular system?
 What is the impact of psychological stress on immunity?
 What is the role of monocytes in acute myocardial infarction?
 How does mobilization of monocytes from the splenic reservoir and bone marrow contribute to CVD?
 What is the impact of psychological stress on the immune system?
 How does sympathetic-adrenal-medullary axis influence haematopoiesis?
 How does monocyte mobilisation contribute to recruitment into infarcted myocardium?
 What is the role of monocytes in atherogenesis?
 What is the difference between classical and non-classical monocytes?
 How do monocytes express different levels of chemokine receptors?
 Are there any murine homologs to human monocytes?
 What are the origins of monocyte heterogeneity?
 Is there an interconversion between Gr1/Ly6Chigh and Gr1/Ly6Clow populations in humans?
 What are the differences between tissue macrophages that require continuous turnover from monocytes and those that do not?
 What dictates tissue macrophage functionality and phenotype?
 What is the dogma that has recently been questioned with regards to macrophages?
 What is the role of inflammation and its regulation in atherogenesis and plaque progression?
 What is the role of intraplaque haemorrhage in plaque progression?
 How are macrophages defined by their origin?
 What is the role of neutrophils in early and late atherosclerotic plaque generation and destabilisation?
 How do neutrophils contribute to atherogenesis?
 How does degranulation of neutrophils affect vascular permeability?
 What is the role of proteases secreted by neutrophils in altering atherosclerotic plaque caps?
 What role do enzymes play in the traversal of extracellular matrix to sites and degranulation?
 How have data from mouse models of CVD been translated to human mechanistic hypothesis?
 What is the importance of staining surface markers Ly6G and MPO in murine plaque?
 How do neutrophils affect vascular permeability?
 What is the potential ability of neutrophils to recruit monocytes to atherosclerotic plaque?
 How can neutrophils be involved in alteration of atherosclerotic plaque caps?
 What is the role of lymphocytes in human atherosclerotic plaques?
 What is the role of regulatory T cells in atherosclerotic plaque formation?
 What is the role of B cells in atherosclerosis?
 What are the implications for delving further into the individual contributions made by immune cells to atherosclerotic CVD?
 What are the acute and chronic effects of inhalation of tobacco smoke and other atmospheric contaminants in man and experimental animals?
 What is the association between auto-antibodies and smoking?
 How does cigarette smoke affect the immune system?
 What is the relationship between blood pressure and cardiovascular morbidity and death?
 How does obesity contribute to blood pressure levels?
 What is the role of inflammatory markers in essential hypertension?
 How do NF-kappaB and matrix metalloproteinase contribute to angiotensin II-induced organ damage?
 Does immunosuppressive treatment protect against angiotensin II-induced renal damage?
 What is the role of cytochrome P450 1B1 in renal dysfunction caused by angiotensin II?
 What is the contribution of endothelin-1 to receptor cleavage in hypertensives with cardiorenal damage?
 How does nuclear factor kappa B affect hypertension?
 What is the relationship between diabetes mellitus, fasting blood glucose concentration, and risk of vascular disease?
 What are the implications of autonomic neural regulation of the immune system for hypertension and cardiovascular disease?
 What are the findings of the Emerging Risk Factors Collaboration regarding diabetes mellitus, fasting blood glucose concentration, and risk of vascular disease?
 How does hyperglycemia affect circulating ICAM-1 in diabetes mellitus?
 What are the clinical, cellular, and molecular aspects of acute hyperglycemia on the innate immune system?
 What is the relationship between obesity and markers of chronic inflammation?
 How does body fat mass and distribution affect systemic inflammation?
 What is the association between all-cause mortality and overweight/obesity as per the standard body mass index categories?
 What is the role of adipose expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in obesity-linked insulin resistance?
 What is the relationship between obesity and visceral adiposity with serum concentrations of CRP, TNF-alpha and IL-6?
 What role does chronic inflammation in fat play in the development of obesity-related insulin resistance?
 How do B cells promote insulin resistance?
 How do CD8+ effector T cells contribute to macrophage recruitment and adipose tissue inflammation in obesity?
 What role do NK cells play in obesity-induced adipose stress to inflammation and insulin resistance?
 How do neutrophils mediate insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat diet?
 What is the impact of metabolic syndrome on mortality from coronary heart disease, cardiovascular disease, and all causes in United States adults?
 What mechanisms are involved in macrophage activation in obesity-induced insulin resistance?
 Is hypertension an immunologic disease?
 What are the effects of two intensive statin regimens on progression of coronary disease?
 How do intensive versus moderate lipid lowering with statins after acute coronary syndromes affect outcomes?
 What are the effects of cholesterol lowering with simvastatin on mortality from coronary heart disease, cardiovascular disease, and all causes in high-risk individuals?
 How does obesity induce a phenotypic switch in adipose tissue macrophage polarization?
 What are the primary prevention methods for acute coronary events?
 What effect did pravastatin have on coronary events after myocardial infarction in patients with average cholesterol levels?
 What is the efficacy and safety of more intensive lowering of LDL cholesterol?
 How does diabetes affect 12-year cardiovascular mortality for men?
 What role does oxidized low-density lipoprotein play in the recruitment and retention of monocyte/macrophages during atherogenesis?
 What does the modification of low density lipoprotein by endothelial cells involve?
 How do oxidized lipids contribute to atherogenesis?
 What role do oxidized lipids play in vascular inflammation?
 How do monocytes/macrophages respond to Ox-LDL?
 How does Ox-LDL induce long-term proinflammatory cytokine production and foam cell formation?
 How do CD11c/CD18 signals initiate foamy monocyte recruitment during hypercholesterolemia?
 How does CD11c/CD18 expression affect adhesion to vascular cell adhesion molecule-1?
 What role do very-low and low-density lipoproteins play in neutral lipid accumulation and impair migration in monocyte subsets?
 What is the role of oxidized lipoproteins in vascular disease?
 What are the effects of Ox-LDL on monocyte-to-macrophage differentiation?
 How does Ox-LDL affect tissue factor expression in human adherent monocytes?
 What is the role of CD11c/CD18 in foamy monocyte recruitment?
 What is the effect of oxidized lipoproteins on atherogenesis?
 What is the association between high density lipoprotein cholesterol and risk of vascular disease?
 What are the anti-inflammatory properties of HDL?
 What is the role of ATF3 in high-density lipoprotein mediating anti-inflammatory reprogramming of macrophages?
 What is the impact of scavenger receptor BI on HDL cholesterol levels and risk of coronary heart disease?
 How does torcetrapib affects patients at high risk for coronary events?
 What are the effects of niacin on low HDL cholesterol levels?
 What is the role of postprandial metabolism of meal triglyceride on humans?
 How does ABCA1 and ABCG1 transporters affect cholesterol efflux and immune responses?
 How can postprandial VLDL lipolysis products increase monocyte adhesion and lipid droplet formation?
 What is a systematic review and meta-analysis
 What did the evidence from randomised controlled trials suggest about dietary fat guidelines in 1977 and 1983
 What is the association between intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids and all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes
 How does the Mediterranean diet affect primary prevention of cardiovascular disease
 What is the role of 1 integrin gene excision in adult murine cardiac myocytes
 How does stretch-induced MAP kinase activation regulate cardiac myocytes
 How does Rac1 and RhoA regulate angiotensinogen gene expression in stretched cardiac fibroblasts
 How do integrins mediate collagen gel contraction by cardiac fibroblasts
 What is the role of autonomic nervous system in modulating cardiac arrhythmias
 What is the effect of renal sympathetic denervation for treatment of drug-resistant hypertension
 What is the effect of stress on the immune system
 How does chronic variable stress activate hematopoietic stem cells
 How do monocytes participate in infarct inflammation and repair after myocardial infarction
 What is the impact of heterogeneity of human peripheral blood monocyte subsets on myocardial salvage in patients with primary acute myocardial infarction
 What is the role of monocytes in atherogenesis
 How do CD14dim monocytes patrol and sense nucleic acids and viruses via TLR7 and TLR8 receptors
 What is the effect of combined inhibition of CCL2, CX3CR1, and CCR5 on Ly6C (hi) and
 What is the impact of heterogeneity of human peripheral blood monocyte subsets on myocardial salvage in patients with primary acute myocardial infarction?
 How does myocardial infarction accelerate atherosclerosis?
 What role does the monocyte play in atherogenesis?
 How do different monocyte subsets employ CCR2, CX3CR1, and CCR5 to accumulate within atherosclerotic plaques?
 What effects does combined inhibition of CCL2, CX3CR1, and CCR5 have on Ly6C (hi) and Ly6C (lo) monocytosis?
 How does macrophage balance play a role in atherosclerosis?
 How do gene expression profiling define the classical, intermediate, and nonclassical monocyte subsets?
 What is the role of Ly-6Chi monocytes in hypercholesterolemia-associated monocytosis?
 What is the role of fractalkine in atherogenesis?
 What are the defining features of tissue macrophages under homeostasis?
 How does inflammatory chemokine transport and presentation in HEV affect monocyte recruitment to lymph nodes in inflamed tissues?
 How do L- and P-selectins, but not CD49d (VLA-4) integrins, mediate monocyte initial attachment to TNF-alpha-activated vascular endothelium under flow in vitro?
 What role does P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 play in Ly-6Chi monocyte recruitment to sites of atherosclerosis in mice?
 What is the migratory property of blood monocytes?
 What are the origins and dynamics of monocytes and tissue macrophages under homeostasis?
 How does adult microglia derive from primitive macrophages?
 How do adult Langerhans cells derive predominantly from embryonic fetal liver monocytes with a minor contribution of yolk sac-derived macrophages?
 What is the major determinant for Ly-6Chi monocyte recruitment to sites of atherosclerosis in mice?
 What are the defining features of classical monocytes as they survey steady-state tissues and transport antigen to lymph nodes?
 How does constant replenishment from circulating monocytes maintain the macrophage pool in the intestine of adult mice?
 How do tissue-resident macrophages originate from yolk-sac derived erythro-myeloid progenitors?
 How are embryonic and adult-derived resident cardiac macrophages maintained through distinct mechanisms at steady state and during inflammation ? 
 What role do macrophages play in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis ?
 What is immunity?
 What is the role of monocytes in adult mice intestine?
 How do Tissue-resident macrophages originate?
 What is the link between macrophages and atherosclerosis?
 What is the role of ApoE-deficient mice in atherosclerosis?
 How do scavenger receptors interact with oxidized and glycated proteins?
 How does CD36 affect migration of macrophages in response to oxidized LDL?
 How does emigration of monocyte-derived cells to lymph nodes play a role in atherosclerosis?
 What is the response-to-retention hypothesis of early atherogenesis?
 What are the nonoxidative modifications of lipoproteins in atherogenesis?
 What is the role of cytokines in vascular pathology?
 How does GM-CSF regulate intimal cell proliferation in nascent atherosclerotic lesions?
 What is the M1 and M2 paradigm of macrophage activation?
 What is the role of heme and haemoglobin on macrophage Mhem phenotype?
 What is the role of activating transcription factor 1 on Mhem atheroprotective macrophages?
 What is the purpose of the ApoE knockout mouse in arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol?
 What is the M1 and M2 paradigm of macrophage activation?
 What are the progress and challenges in translating the biology of atherosclerosis?
 How does heme and haemoglobin direct macrophage Mhem phenotype and counter foam cell formation in areas of intraplaque haemorrhage?
 What is the role of activating transcription factor 1 in directing Mhem atheroprotective macrophages?
 How does hemoglobin direct macrophage differentiation and prevent foam cell formation in human atherosclerotic plaques?
 What is the significance of coronary intra-plaque hemorrhage in evoking a novel atheroprotective macrophage phenotype?
 How do dendritic cells contribute to the initiation of atherosclerosis?
 What is the role of macrophages and dendritic cells in atherogenesis?
 How do neutrophil granule proteins tune monocytic cell function?
 What role do neutrophils play in culprit lesions in acute coronary syndromes?
 What is the function of CAP37 as an inflammatory mediator?
 How does LL-37 play a role in human atherosclerosis?
 What is the immunohistochemical localization of defensin in human coronary vessels?
 How does neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin play a role in atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction?
 What is the role of neutrophils in controlling vascular permeability during inflammation?
 How does neutrophil secretion products pave the way for inflammatory monocytes?
 What is the involvement of neutrophil-derived heparin-binding protein (HBP/CAP37) deposited on endothelium in enhancing monocyte arrest under flow conditions?
 How does aberrant expression of neutrophil and macrophage-related genes affect a murine model for human neutrophil-specific granule deficiency?
 How are high neutrophil numbers associated with characteristics of rupture-prone lesions in human carotid atherosclerotic plaques?
 What role do B lymphocytes play in plaque and adventitia of coronary arteries with rheumatoid arthritis and coronary atherosclerosis?
 What is the regional accumulation of T cells, macrophages, and smooth muscle cells in human atherosclerotic plaque?
 How does immune deficiency affect lipoproteins and atherosclerosis in male apolipoprotein E-deficient mice?
 What is the involvement of intraplaque hemorrhage in atherothrombosis evolution via neutrophil protease enrichment?
 How does transfer of CD4(+) T cells aggravate atherosclerosis in immunodeficient apolipoprotein E knockout mice?
 What role do B-lymphocytes play in plaque and adventitia of coronary arteries in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and coronary atherosclerosis?
 How does the regional accumulation of T cells, macrophages, and smooth muscle cells influence human atherosclerotic plaque?
 What is the effect of immune deficiency on lipoproteins and atherosclerosis in male apolipoprotein E-deficient mice?
 How does transfer of CD4(+) T cells affect atherosclerosis in immunodeficient apolipoprotein E knockout mice?
 What is the role of T and B lymphocytes in plaque formation in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice?
 Is protective immunity against atherosclerosis carried by B cells of hypercholesterolemic mice?
 Does B-lymphocyte deficiency increase atherosclerosis in LDL receptor-null mice?
 How do B1a B lymphocytes protect against atherosclerosis?
 What is the effect of conventional B2 B cell depletion on atherosclerosis?
 How do CD8+ regulatory T cells control the T follicular helper-germinal center B-cell axis to limit atherosclerosis and tertiary lymphoid organ development?
 What is the role of lymphocytes in atherosclerosis?
